permissions.md, before:

# Permissions granted via the OAuth screen

## Manage Roles

this is for persistent roles, so that if someone leaves and rejoins the server they automatically get their roles readded

## Manage Channels, Manage Nicknames

This is for temporary channel functionality that's planned as well as some additional role functionality that's planned. Basically, allowing roles to have more granular permissions, as well as some fancy slow-moding and word banning. Not strictly necessary since it isn't currently used.

## Manage Messages

Lets it delete webhook messages which is important if the Discord-Discord sync gets used, if not there's no need for it.

## Manage Emojis

Planned feature based on creating custom combinations of emoji, it can be added later if needed

## Create Instant Invite

planned feature for allowing single-time invites to be granted by people on the server, which is currently not possible since invites are all or nothing, it can be added later if needed

## Change Nickname

Cosmetic stuff, not necessary with current functionality though it may be used in future

## Manage Webhooks

This is for the Discord-Discord sync, it's used to scan the list for any webhooks that belong to it.

## View Audit Log

Not currently used, and it keeps its own audit log.

## Read Messages, Read Message History

 It's quite difficult to run a bot without these, but read message history could be removed at the cost of losing link previews. Read messages is vital.

## Send Messages

Without this, the bot can only respond in PMs, which breaks notably teleports.

## Send TTS Messages

Not necessary, not planned to be used.

## Embed Links

Needed for teleports and most functionality.

## Attach Files

Only used for !scramble ing images

## Add Reactions

Many functions react to their own messages so folks can easily respond without having to search for emoji. Not strictly necessary, but !spoiler and !rot13 get harder to use.

## Connect, Speak, Mute Members, Deafen Memebers, Move Members, Use Voice Activity, Priority Speaker

Mostly for Discord radio stuff, it can be added later if needed

## Use External Emojis

Not currently used, but it might be in future for better emoji reacts as buttons.

Commit message:

Clarify need for the Manage Messages permission as well as add permissions page to the index

permissions.md, after:

# Permissions granted via the OAuth screen

## Manage Roles

this is for persistent roles, so that if someone leaves and rejoins the server they automatically get their roles readded

## Manage Channels, Manage Nicknames

This is for temporary channel functionality that's planned as well as some additional role functionality that's planned. Basically, allowing roles to have more granular permissions, as well as some fancy slow-moding and word banning. Not strictly necessary since it isn't currently used.

## Manage Messages

Spoilers are autoremoved using this permission. Also, if the bot is in `snappy` mode, then commands get removed in a few other places including teleports.
Lets it delete webhook messages which is vital if the Discord-Discord sync gets used.

## Manage Emojis

Planned feature based on creating custom combinations of emoji, it can be added later if needed

## Create Instant Invite

planned feature for allowing single-time invites to be granted by people on the server, which is currently not possible since invites are all or nothing, it can be added later if needed

## Change Nickname

Cosmetic stuff, not necessary with current functionality though it may be used in future

## Manage Webhooks

This is for the Discord-Discord sync, it's used to scan the list for any webhooks that belong to it.

## View Audit Log

Not currently used, and it keeps its own audit log.

## Read Messages, Read Message History

 It's quite difficult to run a bot without these, but read message history could be removed at the cost of losing link previews. Read messages is vital.

## Send Messages

Without this, the bot can only respond in PMs, which breaks notably teleports.

## Send TTS Messages

Not necessary, not planned to be used.

## Embed Links

Needed for teleports and most functionality.

## Attach Files

Only used for !scramble ing images

## Add Reactions

Many functions react to their own messages so folks can easily respond without having to search for emoji. Not strictly necessary, but !spoiler and !rot13 get harder to use.

## Connect, Speak, Mute Members, Deafen Memebers, Move Members, Use Voice Activity, Priority Speaker

Mostly for Discord radio stuff, it can be added later if needed

## Use External Emojis

Not currently used, but it might be in future for better emoji reacts as buttons.
